Neo4-admin-backup-globbing (#1217)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/backup-restore/online-backup.adoc

| Default

|<database>

> |Name of the remote database to backup. Supports globbing inside of double quotes, for example "data*". (<database> is required unless `--inspect-path` is used).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Name of the remote database to backup. Supports globbing inside of double quotes, for example, "data*". (<database> is required unless `--inspect-path` is used).
```

|neo4j
|===

[TIP]
====

> If <database> is "*" neo4j-admin will attempt to backup all databases of the DBMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If <database> is "*", `neo4j-admin` will attempt to back up all databases of the DBMS.
```
